Round 1 Ubuntu 20 README
Please read the entire README thoroughly before modifying anything on this computer.

UNIQUE IDENTIFIER
If you have not yet entered a valid Unique Identifier, please do so immediately by double clicking on the "Set Unique Identifier" icon on the desktop. If you do not enter a valid Unique Identifier this VM may stop functioning after a short period of time.

FORENSICS QUESTIONS
If there are "Forensics Questions" on your Desktop, you will receive points for answering these questions correctly. Valid (scored) "Forensics Questions" will only be located directly on your Desktop. Please read all "Forensics Questions" thoroughly before modifying this computer, as you may change something that prevents you from answering the question correctly.

COMPETITION SCENARIO
You work for Always Fresh Aqua (AFA), a new water production & distribution company.

This company's security policies require that all user accounts be password protected. Employees are required to choose secure passwords, however this policy may not be currently enforced on this computer. The presence of any non-work related media files and "hacking tools" on any computers is strictly prohibited. This company currently does not use any centralized maintenance or polling tools to manage their IT equipment. This computer is for official business use only by authorized users. Your job is to secure this computer, within the guidelines of the scenario, while ensuring the availability of authorized business critical software and services.

UBUNTU 20.04
It is company policy to use only Ubuntu 20.04 on this computer. It is also company policy to use only the latest, official, stable Ubuntu 20.04 packages available for required software and services on this computer. Company policy prohibits the use of a different login manager. Company policy is to never let users log in as root. If administrators need to run commands as root, they are required to use the "sudo" command. Management has decided that the default web browser for all users on this computer should be the latest stable version of Google Chrome.

Management is aware that updating Ubuntu 20.04 using the command line can cause Gnome to crash. However, waiting a few minutes to allow updates to finish and then rebooting seems to resolve the issue. If this happens, pressing Alt+F2 (or another FN key) switches virtual terminals and may also help. An alternative is to use Software Updater.

You have received reports of unauthorized software on this computer. After removing the unauthorized software, please ensure that it has been completely removed by double clicking the desktop shortcut.

As part of our effort to improve our security posture, management has directed you to set a secure default maximum password age. A default maximum password age is automatically applied when new users are added to the system.

Your company just hired a new employee. Make a new account for this employee named "tonraq".

Management has requested that you install the latest version of PostgreSQL for company use and ensure that the PostgreSQL service is running. However, you are not required to configure or secure PostgreSQL at this time.

All authorized users must be able to log in remotely using SSH. Therefore, sshd is a critical service and needs to remain enabled.

Critical Services:

sshd
AUTHORIZED ADMINISTRATORS AND USERS
Authorized Administrators:
korra (you)
	password: nAgaF0r3ver!
mako
	password: fir3FeRr3t$!
bolin
	password: p4buisTh3Be$t
asami
	password: fu7ur3indu$tr!es
tenzin
	password: pema
lin
	password: be!f0ng123$

Authorized Users:
jinora
ikki
meelo
opal
kai
bumi
kya
suyin
pema
tarrlok
varrick
iroh
wu
raava
gommu
yung
raiko
desna
eska
COMPETITION GUIDELINES
In order to provide a better competition experience, you are NOT required to change the password of the primary, auto-login, user account. Changing the password of a user that is set to automatically log in may lock you out of your computer.
Authorized administrator passwords were correct the last time you did a password audit, but are not guaranteed to be currently accurate.
Do not stop or disable the CCS Client service or process.
Do not remove any authorized users or their home directories.
The time zone of this image is set to UTC. Please do not change the time zone, date, or time on this image.
You can view your current scoring report by double-clicking the "Scoring Report" desktop icon.
JavaScript is required for some error messages that appear on the "Scoring Report." To ensure that you only receive correct error messages, please do not disable JavaScript.
Some security settings may prevent the Stop Scoring application from running. If this happens, the safest way to stop scoring is to suspend the virtual machine. You should NOT power on the VM again before deleting.
The CyberPatriot Competition System is the property of the Air Force Association and the University of Texas at San Antonio.

All rights reserved.
