

Ubuntu 20 README
Please read the entire README thoroughly before modifying anything on this computer.

UNIQUE IDENTIFIER
If you have not yet entered a valid Unique Identifier, please do so immediately by double clicking on the "Set Unique Identifier" icon on the desktop. If you do not enter a valid Unique Identifier this VM may stop functioning after a short period of time.

FORENSICS QUESTIONS
If there are "Forensics Questions" on your Desktop, you will receive points for answering these questions correctly. Valid (scored) "Forensics Questions" will only be located directly on your Desktop. Please read all "Forensics Questions" thoroughly before modifying this computer, as you may change something that prevents you from answering the question correctly.

COMPETITION SCENARIO
Welcome to Always Fresh Aqua (AFA), a cutting-edge water production and distribution company committed to providing high-quality water products. Our mission is to ensure access to clean and refreshing water for everyone. As part of the AFA team, you are currently focused on optimizing and securing the network infrastructure for our state-of-the-art bottling plant in Hot Springs, AR.

Your responsibilities include managing three key machines within the plant's network:

Windows 10 Workstation: This workstation plays a crucial role in overseeing various plant operations. It is the control center for several essential processes and acts as a hub for real-time monitoring and control.
Windows Server 2022 Web Server: Our Windows Server 2022 hosts a dynamic dashboard that allows us to monitor production metrics and resource utilization in real time. This dashboard is essential for tracking the efficiency of our bottling processes and ensuring the quality of our products.
Ubuntu 20: This Ubuntu operating system will serve as the foundation for our future data management needs. Currently, it is being prepared to host a PostgreSQL database, which will play a pivotal role in storing and retrieving critical data for our web server and other applications.
This company's security policies require that all user accounts be password protected. Employees are required to choose secure passwords, however this policy may not be currently enforced on this computer. The presence of any non-work related media files and "hacking tools" on any computers is strictly prohibited. This company currently does not use any centralized maintenance or polling tools to manage their IT equipment. This computer is for official business use only by authorized users. Your job is to secure this computer, within the guidelines of the scenario, while ensuring the availability of authorized business critical software and services.

UBUNTU 20.04
It is company policy to use only Ubuntu 20.04 on this computer. It is also company policy to use only the latest, official, stable Ubuntu 20.04 packages available for required software and services on this computer. Company policy prohibits the use of a different login manager. Company policy is to never let users log in as root. If administrators need to run commands as root, they are required to use the "sudo" command. Management has decided that the default web browser for all users on this computer should be the latest stable version of Google Chrome.

Management is aware that updating Ubuntu 20.04 can cause Gnome to crash. However, waiting a few minutes to allow updates to finish and then rebooting seems to resolve the issue. If this happens, pressing Alt+F2 (or another FN key) switches virtual terminals and may also help.

This computer is hosting a simple inventory database for Always Fresh Aqua. The database currently resides on PostgreSQL 12.2. While minor updates may still be necessary, management does not want to implement PostgreSQL 13+ at this time. The PostgreSQL service is currently configured to allow both local and external connections, and should remain configured this way.

The PostgreSQL service is for authorized users only, all connections must be authenticated, and all external connections must use SSL/TLS.

Critical Services:

Database server (postgresql)
AUTHORIZED ADMINISTRATORS AND USERS
Authorized Administrators:
korra (you)
	password: nAgaF0r3ver!
mako
	password: fir3FeRr3t$!
bolin
	password: p4buisTh3Be$t
asami
	password: fu7ur3indu$tr!es
tenzin
	password: pema
lin
	password: be!f0ng123$

Authorized Users:
jinora
ikki
meelo
opal
kai
bumi
kya
suyin
pema
tarrlok
varrick
iroh
wu
raava
gommu
yung
raiko
desna
eska
tonraq
COMPETITION GUIDELINES
In order to provide a better competition experience, you are NOT required to change the password of the primary, auto-login, user account. Changing the password of a user that is set to automatically log in may lock you out of your computer.
Authorized administrator passwords were correct the last time you did a password audit, but are not guaranteed to be currently accurate.
Do not stop or disable the CCS Client service or process.
Do not remove any authorized users or their home directories.
The time zone of this image is set to UTC. Please do not change the time zone, date, or time on this image.
You can view your current scoring report by double-clicking the "Scoring Report" desktop icon.
JavaScript is required for some error messages that appear on the "Scoring Report." To ensure that you only receive correct error messages, please do not disable JavaScript.
Some security settings may prevent the Stop Scoring application from running. If this happens, the safest way to stop scoring is to suspend the virtual machine. You should NOT power on the VM again before deleting.
The CyberPatriot Competition System is the property of the Air Force Association and the University of Texas at San Antonio.

All rights reserved.
